Househunting

Ep 1. 

A few months ago I was trying to find an apartment by Grove St, and there was one a few minutes down from the PATH station that was having an open house. When I got there, I walked in and found 10 or so other people also trying to look at the house. The apartment itself wasn’t even that great: the room was on the top floor of a decaying apartment building-- the ceiling fell low above your head, the floors were uneven and bare. Yet with all the other people in the room, the environment in the room suddenly felt very competitive, as it was obvious that there were more people interested in the apartment than the landlord needed. 

There was one guy who was trying to get closer to the landlord, by means of asking him random self promoting questions that just made him seem like a douchebag. "So what do you look for in a tenant?," he'd ask, and then answer the question himself -- "I always check the
water pressure, the sideboards, the walls.. " etc. and then he'd switch a topic and say "so how much are you making by renting this
out? you must be making pretty good money-- i work in finance, so i know." So among all this crap i come in, holding this huge
box of granola bars that i bought from the warehouse store before i arrived at the house. i could tell the landlord thought i was cute, in the way 
that all single girls doing slightly random stuff are cute. so i engage the landlord, and say hi along with all the other basic
courtesies. The landlord, intrigued by my industrial sized granola box, says to me "so are all those granola bars for you?"
I responded something along the lines of "yea, but you can have one!", gave him a smile, and handed him a granola bar. 
Then i looked over at the douchebag bidder and noticed that he was basically seething, pissed at the fact that 
i was getting getting attention from this landlord, for a variety of possible reasons-- i was by myself, i had a granola box, 
i had reached out to shake his hand, but also very possibly because i was an attractive girl. i went home cackling to myself
that day, the whole experience just made me feel so powerful as a girl, albeit in a way that was less than progressive. Sure
I may have been able to win the game of 'get attention from the landlord with a desirable rental', but winning by being a hot girl is pretty much
just as regressive as winning by being a dude who touts about his "assets". It's like pitting patriarchy against patriarchy,
but it was fun to see that even under patriarchy the girl can sometimes come out on top.
